---
layout: page
title:	"Terms of use"
date:	2013-12-18 19:52
categories:
---

Overview
--------

The following are terms of a legal agreement between you and Dr. Garbage
Community (“Dr. Garbage”) By accessing, browsing, or using this Web site, you
acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these
terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not
agree to these terms, please do not use this Web site. 

Dr. Garbage may, without notice to you, at any time revise these Terms of Use
and any other information contained in this Web site by updating this posting.
Dr. Garbage may also make improvements or changes in the products, services, or
programs described in this site at any time without notice.




General
-------

This Web site contains proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms
of which must be observed and followed.

This site and all content in this site may not be copied, reproduced,
republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, distributed, or used for the
creation of derivative works without prior written consent from Dr. Garbage,
except that Dr. Garbage grants you non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited
permission to access and display the Web pages within this site, solely on your
computer and for your personal, non-commercial use of this Web site. This
permission is conditioned on your not modifying the content displayed on this
site, your keeping intact all copyright, trademark, and other proprietary
notices, and your acceptance of any terms, conditions, and notices accompanying
the content or otherwise set forth in this site. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
any software and other materials that are made available for downloading,
access, or other use from this site with their own license terms, conditions,
and notices will be governed by such terms, conditions, and notices.

Your failure to comply with the terms, conditions, and notices on this site
will result in automatic termination of any rights granted to you, without
prior notice, and you must immediately destroy all copies of downloaded
materials in your possession or control. Except for the limited permission in
the preceding paragraph, Dr. Garbage does not grant you any express or implied
rights or licenses under any patents, trademarks, copyrights, or other
proprietary or intellectual property rights. You may not mirror any of the
content from this site on another Web site or in any other media.




Certain Disclaimers
-------------------

Information on this Web site is not promised or guaranteed to be correct,
current, or complete, and this site may contain technical inaccuracies or
typographical errors. Dr. Garbage assumes no responsibility (and expressly
disclaims responsibility) for updating this site to keep information current or
to ensure the accuracy or completeness of any posted information. Accordingly,
you should confirm the accuracy and completeness of all posted information
before making any decision related to any services, products, or other matters
described in this site.

Dr. Garbage provides no assurances that any reported problems will be resolved
by Dr. Garbage, even if Dr. Garbage elects to provide information with the goal
of addressing a problem.




Confidential Information
------------------------

Dr. Garbage does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information
from you through our Web site. Please note that any information or material
sent to Dr. Garbage will be deemed NOT to be confidential. By sending Dr.
Garbage any information or material, you grant Dr. Garbage an unrestricted,
irrevocable license to copy, reproduce, publish, upload, post, transmit,
distribute, publicly display, perform, modify, create derivative works from,
and otherwise freely use, those materials or information. You also agree that
Dr. Garbage is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques that
you send us for any purpose. However, we will not release your name or
otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other information
to us unless: (a) we obtain your permission to use your name; or (b) we first
notify you that the materials or other information you submit to a particular
part of this site will be published or otherwise used with your name on it; or
(c) we are required to do so by law. Personally-identifiable information that
you submit to Dr. Garbage for the purpose of receiving products or services
will be handled in accordance with our privacy policies.




Business Relationships
----------------------

This Web site may provide links or references to non-Dr. Garbage Web sites and
resources. Dr. Garbage makes no representations, warranties, or other
commitments whatsoever about any non-Dr. Garbage Web sites or third-party
resources that may be referenced, accessible from, or linked to any Dr. Garbage
site. A link to a non-Dr. Garbage Web site does not mean that Dr. Garbage
endorses the content or use of such Web site or its owner. In addition, Dr.
Garbage is not a party to or responsible for any transactions you may enter
into with third parties, even if you learn of such parties (or use a link to
such parties) from a Dr. Garbage site. Accordingly, you acknowledge and agree
that Dr. Garbage is not responsible for the availability of such external sites
or resources, and is not responsible or liable for any content, services,
products, or other materials on or available from those sites or resources.

When you access a non-Dr. Garbage Web site, even one that may contain the Dr.
Garbage-logo, please understand that it is independent from Dr. Garbage, and
that Dr. Garbage does not control the content on that Web site. It is up to you
to take precautions to protect yourself from viruses, worms, trojan horses, and
other potentially destructive programs, and to protect your information as you
deem appropriate.




Linking to this Site
--------------------

You may create links to Dr. Garbage Web site from other sites, but only in
compliance with all applicable laws and in accordance with the following
Guidelines:

A site that links to the Web site of Dr. Garbage:

* May link to but not replicate the content from the Dr. Garbage Web site
* Should not create a browser or border environment around the content from the
  Dr. Garbage Web site
* Should not imply that Dr. Garbage is endorsing it or its products
* Should not misrepresent its relationship with Dr. Garbage
* Should not present false information about Dr. Garbage products or services
* Should not use the Dr. Garbage logo without permission from Dr. Garbage
* Should not contain content that could be construed as distasteful, offensive
  or controversial, and should contain only content that is appropriate for all
  age groups.




Translations
------------

Certain text in this Web site may be made available in languages other than
English. Text may be translated by a person or solely by computer software with
no human intervention or review. These translations are provided as a
convenience to you, and Dr. Garbage makes no representations or commitments
regarding the accuracy or completeness of the translation, whether or not
computer-generated or performed by a person. Please see the below Disclaimer of
Warranty for additional conditions.




Delivery of E-Mail
------------------

Your account must be registered with a valid personal email address that you
access regularly. Accounts registered with someone else's email address, or
with temporary email addresses may be closed without notice. We may require
users to re-validate their account if we believe they have been using an
invalid email address.

Some services offered on this Web site include sending related information to
you via e-mail. You agree to receive such e-mail. However, the nature of e-mail
is such that Dr. Garbage cannot guarantee delivery of such e-mail. If you have
not received such a message within a reasonable time period, it is your
responsibility to follow up directly with Dr. Garbage




Modification and termination of services
----------------------------------------

Dr. Garbage reserves the right at any time to modify, suspend or terminate the
Services (or any part thereof), and/or Your use of or access to them, with or
without notice. Dr. Garbage may also delete, or bar access to or use of, all
related Information and files. Dr. Garbage will not be liable to You or any
third-party for any modification, suspension, or termination of the Services,
or loss of related information.




Disclaimer of Warranty
----------------------

Use of this site is at your sole risk. All materials, information, products,
software, programs, and services are provided "as is," with no warranties or
guarantees whatsoever. Dr. Garbage expressly disclaims to the fullest extent
permitted by law all express, implied, statutory, and other warranties,
guarantees, or representations, including, without limitation, the warranties
of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement of
proprietary and intellectual property rights. without limitation, Dr. Garbage
makes no warranty or guarantee that this Web site will be uninterrupted,
timely, secure, or error-free.

You understand and agree that if you download or otherwise obtain materials,
information, products, software, programs, or services, you do so at your own
discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damages
that may result, including loss of data or damage to your computer system.




Limitation of Liability
-----------------------

In no event will Dr. Garbage be liable to any party for any direct, indirect,
incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages of any type whatsoever
related to or arising from this Web site or any use of this Web site, or of any
site or resource linked to, referenced, or accessed through this Web site, or
for the use or downloading of, or access to, any materials, information,
products, or services, including, without limitation, any lost profits,
business interruption, lost savings or loss of programs or other data, even if
Dr. Garbage is expressly advised of the possibility of such damages. This
exclusion and waiver of liability applies to all causes of action, whether
based on contract, warranty, tort, or any other legal theories.

Additional or different terms, conditions, and notices may apply to specific
materials, information, products, software, and services offered through this
Web site. In the event of any conflict, such additional or different terms,
conditions, and notices will prevail over these Terms of Use. Please see the
applicable agreement or notice.




Choice of Law and Jurisdiction
------------------------------

These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed under the laws of Germany
as applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within
Germany between German or EU residents. The parties agree that the United
Nations Convention in Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and the
German International Private Law are specifically excluded from application to
these Terms of Use.

The parties hereby submit to the jurisdiction of and waive any venue objections
against, the Landgericht Berlin, Germany, in any litigation arising out of
these Terms of Use.




Other provisions
----------------

Should provisions of these Terms of Use be or become fully or partially invalid
or unenforceable, this shall not affect the validity of the remaining
provisions. In lieu of the invalid or unenforceable provision, such provision
shall apply which comes as close as legally possible to what the parties to
this Agreement wanted or would have wanted in accordance with the spirit and
purpose of this Agreement if they had considered the invalidity or
unenforceability of the relevant provisions upon the conclusion of contract. 
